Update design documentation (#648)
osrf/rmw_zenoh: README.md

For more information on the `RUST_LOG` syntax, see https://docs.rs/env_logger/latest/env_logger/#enabling-logging.

## On interoperability with other Zenoh APIs

The current scope of `rmw_zenoh` is limited to ROS 2 nodes on Tier-1 supported platforms and relying on a ROS Client Library (rcl).

> While it is possible for an application using any Zenoh API to interoperate with `rmw_zenoh`, supporting such applications is beyond the scope of this repository's mainteners. If you aim to develop such a Zenoh application, you must follow the same design than `rmw_zenoh` for key expressions, data serialization format, attachments, and liveliness tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While it is possible for an application using any Zenoh API to interoperate with `rmw_zenoh`, supporting such use cases is beyond the scope of this repository's goals. If you aim to develop such a Zenoh application, you must follow the same design than `rmw_zenoh` for key expressions, data serialization format, attachments, and liveliness tokens.
```
